they said I was useless they said I'd
never amount to anything now I can't
talk to women I can't understand basic
social cues social worker that's
assigned in my case says I'm
unemployable but what I can do this
dries I may suffer from autism but my
driving skills sure going you do a crime
as long as it's misdemeanor or lower now
be your getaway driver now I won't be
able to give you the best conversation
while you're on the road like when you
get an Indian uber driver then you can
bet your lunch time dunkaroos they'll
get you away from the scene of the crime
I've studied the streets of San Andreas
the way only a person with no life
outside of video games could so next
time you punch your mom because she
won't renew your xbox live membership
you come to me I'll get you out of there
[Music]
nice
yeah this shit's dope right well don't
get your hopes up because just like the
promise of that virus hardscoping
humanity this video under performs the
whole concept was all supposed to be
like a petty crime getaway driver like
you would like litter in front of a cop
and then I would like help you get away
and this over-the-top chase scene but
the entire video was thwarted by these
guys mechanics I know with like the
ongoing riots in America everybody
thinks cops are power-hungry Psychopaths
but nothing beats the ego trip that a
fifteen-year-old gets when he's judge
and jury over someone's [__] car and
an RP server these guys are trying to
thwart me at every turn but before we
even get into this this videos got a
sponsor this video is sponsored by
Dollar Shave Club they take care of all
your grooming needs shower stuff oral
hygiene skincare and of course shaving
they sent me an ultimate shaving starter
kit which is honestly the perfect thing
to prepare me for leaving the house and
seeing my family and neighbors again for
the first time in months every guy I
know is rocking that Abe Lincoln beard
nothing on the cheeks everything under
below not a good look
it comes with an executive razor to six
bladed heads prep scrub shave butter and
post shave do and at this point this
thing says that I actually give a
personal statement about their products
I wish I could but my wife keeps like
stealing them every time they come in
apparently they're better than whatever
the hell she's buying
so visit dollarshaveclub.com for its
last general Sam and get a Altima trave
starter kit for only 5 bucks so once
again that's dollarshaveclub.com Ford /
general Sam alright let's get back to
this [__] pay attention here because
this is my first run-in with these guys
and it's all downhill from here because
this is the first straw that breaks the
camel's back this is the only straw on
the camel's back and it breaks it this
is the straw if the straw was actually
like a girder landing on a camel's back
and just snapping it in half like a new
paintjob order
what can you be it my friend he drove
the car off the cliff and we need to get
fixed
oh that's okay we'll be fine
hey bud how you doing oh okay oh sure
blame me yeah this thing needs to be
fixed pretty bad the engines off all
that stuff and the car kind of stinks
can you get like air fresheners or
something yeah I could throw in an air
freshener for sure when we're finished
I'm gonna Park it right over there
behind us oh you're not gonna break out
the different since you have for your
air fresheners yeah I think you want oh
yeah everything you could think of we
got one
I want the pine tree on the string guys
you yeah we we were just here with my
friend and we had a we have a car with a
chrome paint job and then you guys
worked on it and you brought it out and
it's no longer chrome it's just like
gray colored it's not Chrome it's great
it's all splotchy maybe you could settle
the argument for this he's convinced
it's not chrome anymore I think it's
just because it's nighttime no it went
in one color and it came out a different
[__] color dude I used to be able to
I used to be able to look in this thing
and see the haters behind me but now I
don't see nothing it looks pretty shiny
to me I'm saying so the car is probably
no I guess the rest of the world does
Chrome differently than this [__]
shop because this is [__] great oh
come on man come on hey why don't you go
to the store and buy some better chrome
paint jackass
we're taking our business elsewhere oh
man pulls out a gun cuz somebody insults
you this is gonna negatively affect your
yelp review [__] gray ass car back
this is chrome place is a [__] joke
let's just go let's just go yeah we won
that the car's still poop colored it
doesn't have a color that's the thing
it's taking the color from the night sky
okay yeah you know I'm gonna tell you
I'm gonna take a screen cap from when we
first got bro peace I'm telling you it's
taking a cut the color from the [__]
night sky that's it concrete with high
gloss it looked like Terminator 2 when
he turns into the liquid let's turn
around and go to [__] talk those
people I think we get discount mechanic
yes cuz they clean cars god no he pulled
a gun on you
I think we're getting on more out of
them I wanted to go back but Staunton
Brian convinced me to just just drop it
just let it go be the bigger man and
just go on and commit some petty crimes
so this is our first one
hey [__] pig
[Music]
[Applause]
what is that was a clean getaway dude
Sam's [__] two for two right now yeah
except the fact that we lost all of the
doors in the vehicle the vehicles flip
it's [__] what would you rather do
would you rather do you get another cart
or you know spend 20 years in jail
exactly go [__] boy going and then
spit on them yeah but I'm black I know
you guys aren't mechanics or anything
yourselves but it doesn't take a
mechanic to realize this car is [__]
and in GTA RP you can't just call in
another car you can't like get it fixed
you have to call in a tow truck and get
it towed to the mechanics the entire
success of this video is determined by
how much these mechanics want to work
and let me tell you something I called
the tow truck they never came the
engines all broken that says I it's like
the engines at 0% it's in the parking
lot right next to Moore's ok so you and
do neat so they call the mechanic to
help you with that
and I called the mechanic hotline and I
waited there for 30 [__] minutes and
nothing happened
yeah I not to be an out of character
person but I've waited less time for an
actual [__] tow truck jesus [__]
christ [__] people notice in the next
scene we just have different cars we had
to go get different cars for your for a
first crime in just a pass some time
while we think of something else to do
could you take that new knife of yours
yeah go knife a mechanic yeah okay I
want you to stab him and just go this is
for not having the right chrome color oh
dude I would come at him about never
towing cars okay I've been waiting three
days for my cardigan towed there is a
person here is a little RV you'll be
fine dude you said because smug they are
if I can eat their guts I want you to
stab all of them once don't think I can
get away with that one dude I'm gonna
one of those gonna get stabbed for sure
but I don't know if I can model catalog
of them all yet to do is just two people
one stab each oh here comes one okay to
top of the shop the ice like and you
pull up that knife away hello
oh it's nice to get out he's given us
the point they're like our way do you
think I can parallel park between those
two cars you believe yourself
you know it's a lot of space shut the
[__] up dude I thought it was more
impressive yeah I don't know it's gonna
fit guys let's get any cops in the
station oh really there's a guy in here
but he's a cop
this guy just staring at the wall [__]
you
oh my god dude no no go back go back go
back he's got a pistol pick it up
oh [__] a free hunt all right let's go
it's cool dude I ran out the police
station to the right I'm going back into
Steve's neighborhood 27 back up 18 in
the Meg oh yeah ah dude [__] score on
an afk dude I know I kind of got revenge
when I got Brian to shank that guy in
the garage and I know this is kind of
petty you know having this entire
vendetta about a car color being
different than what it's supposed to be
but this gun opens up a whole horizon of
possibilities I can strike these guys
the way they'd never been struck before
so I start a scheming on the other side
of this is access to the roof of this
building that overlooks the entrance to
the mechanic place if we get a tall
truck I'm sure we can jump from the top
of the truck onto that awning and then
honor the roof as for us
see if this works all right hop on top
Oh whoo baby oh [__] oh no oh yeah you
can see all of them they're working on
her cars and everything these guys are
gonna roogie us a gray car and calling
it chrome if you come up on the roof
you'll do it you'll see the fade
sticking over the top of the lights go
Yodas fade looking good which guys we're
about to wear orchestrating the
assassination of a man that tried to
give us gray paint and pass it off as
chrome paint you believe this guy are
you in GTA GTA RP about to assassinate
again I need all right the one with gray
next to the red sign he's really far
away a little tiny guy and these are
actual players yeah he's an actual
person mechanics to salute that way
you'll know who their leader is yeah
I've seen in me at the gates says home
still I'm going for the kill
I'm going for that 30 seconds tomorrow
song is that our own oh [__] okay uh in
the car all right you ready yeah this is
way you give mother [__] fur
[Applause]
all right oh god I really honest so
quickly that was not the grand escape I
thought it was gonna be he kept changing
Caesar that was the worst getaway I've
ever seen in my life I'm gonna pull in
there just see what's going on just see
how the reception was but if they could
put two to two together they might
realize hey the armored truck that they
used to get on the roof isn't there and
this guy's driving away in it dude look
at the mayhem there was some purpley
pink on this Shin play real human being
the song by drive that Ryan Gosling song
questionable choice driving me an
accomplice a vehicle straight into the
investigation yeah but when you think
about like this like that's the last
thing no to expect like a serial killer
returning to the scene of the crime and
yeah that's how they get caught always
know what happened here where's all the
mechanics at injury they're all injured
one of the ones that once I think once
on the roof because someone shot
mechanic figured out it right now
so there's a huge hold up at the
mechanic place because every single
mechanic is out trying to get vengeance
and they're all on there's apparently
two of them one of them up on the roof
and then there's the other ones they're
trying to find whoever shot that poor
bastard oh no it was do I feel better
yeah yeah I do
there's anything that my Americanism
verse communism class taught me it's
that those who produce the labor hold
the power and because I'm an
[Music]
anarcho-capitalist makes sense up here
I'm getting arrested okay these guys who
come to console me this these guys on
the car needs is this an actual resource
it''s ins arrest for cops ago okay dude
I'm a [__] getaway driver
yeah well then help me get away there
anything guns at me bro yeah go go go
real you all right we gotta take the
simple backwards [__] like back it in is
it okay how should I kill myself up I
think you need a [__] medic dude I
really eat a burger see where the [__]
you you did Oh scary bug on my pocket
hey come on bro let me taste your
business up it'd be yeah okay how do I
take a bite now just kidding it's mine
dude [__] away
oh sorry do you need something punk-ass
[__]
oh that's pretty good are you guys shut
up [__] we're right next to I'm at cash
advance loans and the nail bar salon oh
I've never thought I would be in my life
have so many conversations about
somebody else's bowel movements until I
had a kid play see our dinner
conversation literally revolves around
like sometimes she'll just sit there and
be like it has been 36 hours since our
daughter's last bowel movement we need
to feed her less cheese she needs more
creepiness and we need to start mixing
in some sort of Meral accent
[__] you haven't given a [__] about one
of my bowel movements in the five years
we've been married in [__] like 12
years we've been together 13 years or
whatever this okay so she ended up not
[__] for like two or three days
which apparently is Abby was like on the
fourth day she dies volcana and so I'm
like so she makes me go give her
laxatives not not laxatives a enema
right and I'm like fine I'll be the bad
guy do the enema
so I [__] go in there I give her the
enema and my [__] daughter has
learned she looked she knows a bunch of
words but she's learned why all of a
sudden the why and parents are always
like oh man it sucks when they learned
the word why because then you're like
hey hey can't watch TV and you're like
no and they go why and then you go well
because I don't want you to watch right
now and after dinner and they just go
why and then you had to explain that and
I'm like that is not the context that
she used Y in I
I give her the enemas she turns into
[__] Charlton Heston from 1960
dramatic role and she's feel like I'm on
the [__] Nuremberg trials you know
like I was following orders
[Music]